Mr. Ye
I can hold a ceremony for you at my Knights Hotel
It is the happiness of my family
I am Jinghong's father
How is the preparation for the betrothal gift?
It's all set.
Go to the hospital and accept the main knight as an executive
Wushengli has a conflict with attention.
Just to prevent this kind of blind thing
Speed up to pass the battlefield early
This will happen
Its guardian status is too high
No win rate does not believe and
And what and silent
You are humiliated even in time
It's not winning.
Damn disposal
Sir, I'll deal with it now.
I believe this is the Southern Border Hand
I believe more in Ye Xiang
He didn't lie to me.
Funny what are you pretending to be?
Who doesn't know what kind of virtue he has
Return the Lord
My dad
Do you think so too?
Huya, you let me down so much.
How can you make me believe in the rich family leader?
This sky-breaking wealth is right in front of you
Don't look at yourself
I remind you again to break the sky and be rich
Hahaha
My goddamn talent
You dare to impersonate its old soldier
Believe it or not, I'll kill you right now!
young man
Your future now ends with a dummy
Dummies die